Hi! Our project is called "Eftychis". Our goal was to make a map of the
happiness of the United States, based on twitter data. We grabbed a whole lot of
tweets and ran lots of analysis, and as you can see, we've kinda got a picture
of where twitter users are most happy.

We started by gathering tweets from the twitter API, using their geotagging
service to filter tweets into 65-km radius buckets. You can see that our map is
very grid-like -- that's actually a result of this scraping process, though the
original circles were a bit higher resolution. We ran our scraper every hour,
grabbing up to 100 tweets from each of 1053 buckets, and we eventually ended
up with 23 million tweets.

For storing our data, we used Elasticsearch, which ended up making the project
a lot easier. We configured ES to tokenize and stem the tweets as they came in,
so at time for analysis things would go more smoothly.

In order to assign happiness scores to tweets, we used a sentiment analysis
technique called "Label Propagation". To do this, found the 2000 most common
words, then created a probability matrix from their co-occurrence matrix. We
hand-picked about 10 words to be our positive and negative clamp words, and
then iteratively propagated their values to the other words until convergence.

This gave us a list of words with p(Positive) and p(Negative) for each word.
Instead of calculating probabilities, we took the mean and standard deviation of
this list and calculated each word's Z-score to be its final word score.

Then, each tweet received a tweet score based on the mean score of the words in
both the tweet and our ranking. From there, we could move onto larger aggregates
and more interesting results.

First, we could approximate word scores of words outside of our top 2000, by
taking the mean score of tweets containing that word. If you have a word you'd
like to check our data for, go ahead -- the search is ready. We've picked out
a few that seemed interesting.

Next, of course, we've got the graph of happiness across the US. The most
visually appealing way of looking at this is how we've shown it, with the
dots shown colored by their rank out of the 1053 total. In our map, red
indicates more positivity, and yellow indicates more negativity.

You can see the southeast is a bit negative -- we noticed that too, so we ran a
linear regression on happiness rank vs distance from Florida. We found that
there is a weak positive correlation -- about 1 rank every 25km, p<0.0005 and
r^2 = 0.115

We also looked at tweets stratified by the hour of the day, and we found a
surprisingly large drop in positivity at night between midnight and 11:00AM.
We're guessing that people who are very negative are more likely to be on late
at night. Peak positivity was in the late afternoon.

It's not always intuitive how people interact with the internet, but given the
availability and scope of the data, machines have an easy time telling us what
we want to know. We had a lot of questions about positivity and twitter, and
through these data analysis techniques we were able to answer most of them.
